https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-16898 (#7584)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_arch.adoc

You can backup third-party resources with cluster backup and restore by adding the `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup` label to the resources. The value of the label can be any string, including an empty string. Use a value that can help you identify the component that you are backing up. For example, use the `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup: idp` label if the components are provided by an IDP solution.

*Note:* Use the `cluster-activation` value for the `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup` label if you want the resources to be restored when the managed clusters activation resources are restored. When you restore the managed clusters activation resources, the restore starts for the managed clusters that are actively managed by the hub cluster. 

> [#policies-installed-hub-cluster]

Reviewer: This section doesn't belong here .. It is related to virtualization backup only so it should go under the backup_config_virt.adoc 

(We have some other policies installed by the backup component, is not like these are the only ones, we just document them in the corresponding section )

> [#policies-installed-hub-cluster]

Reviewer: The name is too generic, we have other policies installed with the backup component

What about: [#policies-virtualization-hub-cluster]

> == _PolicySets_ and policies installed on the hub cluster 

Reviewer: suggest : == Virtualization policies installed on the hub cluster

When you enable the backup operator, a set of {acm} policies and ConfigMaps are installed on the hub cluster. When you disable the policy or remove it from the cluster, all the resources that the policy created are removed. 

> 

Reviewer 2: oohh, we should not call this an install policy, if we are generally speaking: "Installation policy"

That is in the manual if you need to show support for that. Code the name that has install in it, and that is ok. 

We are literally saying "install a policy" on those phrases.

> The install policy installs OADP and configures the `oadp.openshift.io.DataProtectionApplication` resource on the cluster where this policy is placed. If the cluster is a hub cluster, it verifies that OADP is installed in the `open-cluster-management-backup` namespace and that the `DataProtectionApplication` resource exists and has the required configuration. The policy does not attempt to install OADP or create the `DataProtectionApplication` resource on the hub cluster. 

Reviewer: We had a header foreach of the policies, is there a reason we lost that ?

Each policy had a title , like === Understanding the install policy

This helps separate the policies and find each section easily

Reviewer 2: I would rather us not call these "understanding" and define the sections a bit more specifically. 
We can title the headers by name of the policy, for instance.

When you enable the `cluster-backup` option on the `MultiClusterHub` resource, the backup chart installs the OADP. When you enable the `cluster-backup-option`, you create the `DataProtectionApplication` on the hub cluster.

> To understand the install policy, see the following table:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the following installation policy templates and descriptions:
```

Reviewer 2: no need to say "to understand" because they are reading the whole topic to understand.

. Install policy templates
|===
| Template | Description 
| `check-config-file`| 
Verifies that  the ConfigMap defined by the `acm-virt-config` label set on the `ManagedCluster` resource exists on the hub, in the `open-cluster-management-backup` namespace. 
| `check-oadp-channel` | 
Verifies if there is an OADP version installed on the cluster, and that it matches the version installed by the policy.
| `check-dpa-config` | 
Verifies that the `DataProtectionApplication` resource exists, has the expected configuration, and has a status of `Reconciled`. Verifies that the `BackupStorageLocation`  exists and has a status phase `Available`.
| `install-oadp-copy-config`| 

> Creates the namespace where OADP gets installed, if this namespace is not found. Copies the OADP secret and installs OADP, but only for managed clusters.Creates the `DataProtectionApplication` resource as defined by the `acm-virt-config` label, but only for the managed clusters. Does not create the `DataPotectionApplication` . The user must manually create it on the hub cluster. 

Reviewer: This is incorrect

It should be

Creates the namespace where OADP gets installed, if this namespace is not found. For managed clusters only, copies the OADP secret,  installs OADP, and creates the `DataProtectionApplication` resource as defined by the `acm-virt-config` label. The user must manually create the OADP secret and `DataProtectionApplication` on the hub cluster.

|===

> The backup policy backs up the `kubevirt.io.VirtualMachine`  resources that has the label, `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup-vm: schedule_cron_name`. 

Reviewer: We lost the title here === Understanding the backup policy

To learn more, see the following table: 

. Backup policy templates 
|===
| Template | Description 
| `check-cron-schedule-valid`| 

> Creates a violation error if there is any cron schedule name used by a virtual machine `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup-vm` label which is not found in the ConfigMap for the cron schedules. The name of the ConfigMap for the cron schedules is defined by the `schedule_hub_config_name` property and should be available under the `open-cluster-management-backup namespace ` 

Reviewer: change: Creates a violation error

with: Shows a violation error

| `check-backup-status-completed`| 

> If the schedule is not paused, the status must be `Enabled`. Finds the latest backup generated by this schedule and verifies that the status is `Completed`. If any `DataUpload` has been created for this backup, the status is  `Completed`.

Reviewer: Must be:

If the schedule is not paused, verifies that the status is `Enabled`. Finds the latest backup generated by this schedule and verifies that the status is `Completed`. If any `DataUpload` has been created for this backup, the status is `Completed`. Shows a violation if any of these conditions are not true.

| `create-virt-backup`| 
Creates velero schedules for all virtual machine resources with a `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup-vm` label. Creates one schedule for each cron job schedule found with the virtual machines label. Backs up the virtual machine sharing the same cron job schedule under the same backup. Creates the velero schedule resource only if the `acm-dr-virt-install` policy is compliant.
|===

> The restore policy restores the `kubevirt.io.VirtualMachine` resources by UID. The policy creates velero restore resources on clusters using the information from the ConfigMap identified by the  `restore_hub_config_name` property from the `acm-dr-virt-config` ConfigMap.

Reviewer: We lost the title here === Understanding the restore policy

To learn more, see the following table: 

. Restore policy templates 
|===
| Template | Description 
| `check-velero-restore-status`| 
Verifies that the restore resource with the name defined by the `clusterID_restoreName` property exists and has a status of `Completed`. 
| `create-velero-restore`| 

> If the `clusterID_restoreName` property value is not empty, and the `clusterID` matches this cluster UID, it creates a velero restore resources using the properties defined with the ConfigMap identified by the `restore_hub_config_name` .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the `clusterID_restoreName` property value is not empty, and the `clusterID` matches this cluster UID, it creates a velero restore resources using the properties defined with the ConfigMap identified by the `restore_hub_config_name`.
```

> * Creates the velero restore resource only if the `acm-dr-virt-install`  policy is compliant.

Reviewer 2: If this bullet is meant to be part of the table, lets just remove the bullet.

> * Creates the velero restore resource only if the `acm-dr-virt-install`  policy is compliant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Creates the velero restore resource only if the `acm-dr-virt-install`  policy is compliant.
```
